Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(soft music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(air whooshing)
- Chris Delta. Chris Delta. Chris Delta.
Chris Delta. Chris Delta.
(upbeat music)
(suspenseful music)
(indistinct chatter)
- Man. I've been waiting for
this day a long time. Akim.
- I'm very happy for you. Akim.
And I pray that you go out
there and do the right thing
with the blessing that Allah has given.
- Best believe I'm gonna
do the right thing.
That's a fact.
- What is the right thing. Akim?
- I'ma keep Allah. first of all.
Let me hope He gon give me a job.
I can't afford to come back in here.
having the instructor
telling me what to do.
(indistinct)
- You just gotta hold firm
and stay true to those words. Akim.
There's a lot of brothers go home
and fall back into the same
tune that got them here
in the first place.
But you. you can be the difference.
All you have to do is believe in yourself.
Don't go back into that
environment and get trapped.
We need you out there.
I believe in you.
Allah believes in you.
He just need you to
believe in yourself. Akim.
Be the difference.
- All right. break up right here.
- Give me a minute.
- Looks like your ride is here.
- I appreciate you man.
(foreign language)
Be safe out there. Akim.
(slow music)
- Good morning passengers.
We will be arriving at Baffalo New York
in a downtown terminal
in approximately 15 minutes.
The temperature is 62 degrees
with with lightening around the skies.
Everybody enjoy your day
and thank you for riding (indistinct).
(slow music)
(indistinct chatter)
♪ I was almost lost in the system ♪
♪ Now I ain't got nothing
left to give them ♪
♪ I've been in that jail cell remorseful ♪
♪ Now I can't look back ♪
♪ I thank God I'm free ♪
♪ I'm back baby. I'm back ♪
♪ Thank the good Lord I'm free ♪
♪ Them people try to keep me ♪
♪ And I aint going back no more ♪
♪ Worst day of my life ♪
♪ Night chasing the life ♪
♪ Time I can't get back ♪
♪ Shit. I put that on my strike ♪
♪ World on my back. yeah ♪
♪ That's where I put that ♪
♪ ramen noodles shaping up. yeah ♪
♪ Where that cook at ♪
♪ Murder charges weighing heavy ♪
♪ Manslaughter took that ♪
♪ You thought that's at the idol ♪
♪ For the justice throw the book at it ♪
♪ All I did was study law ♪
♪ Woke up. study more ♪
♪ Worked at a study job ♪
♪ Fuck you think I study for ♪
♪ I'm fighting for my
motherfucking life like this ♪
♪ No tomorrow. you're
motherfucking right ♪
♪ I ain't seen my family in eight years ♪
♪ Too late to cry. nigga. no tears ♪
♪ And I fucking hate the sheriff here ♪
♪ Cook that ass (indistinct) cheer ♪
♪ Too saints and candy bar for thing ♪
♪ And I sit all day. I'm
from Kilo gang. nigga ♪
♪ I was almost lost in the system ♪
♪ Now I ain't got none left give them ♪
- Goddamn boy. what's good my dough.
- Goddamn. I see you got out. holy shit.
- A little bit. a little
bit. a little bit.
- Man. welcome home. huh.
- It's good to have you back. baby.
- Good to be home. good to be back.
I see the chain you got.
- Shit. life has changed
since you've been gone.
We'll talk about that later.
Up here. man. we gotta get you cleaned up.
That shit you rocking ain't
a good look. my nigga.
- Hey. yo. fuck you catch the bus for.
you know I would've came and got you.
- Well. I don't know bro.
I needed some time to think.
- Shit. nigga. five
years wasn't long enough.
- That shit was more
than enough time. bro.
Wanted to have my moment of clarity
before life kick in.
- Hey yo. don't get all religious on me
coming out and talking about something.
being pies and shit.
- Enough.
Man. you know. I ain't
trying come at you at speed.
my nigga. I'ma take the
long way this time round.
you feel me.
- Nah. I feel you.
You been through a lot.
Not once have I heard you complain.
It takes a strong dude to go through
what you've been through.
But we ain't position now.
so whatever you need. I got you.
- I appreciate that. fam.
That's a real shit.
- Man. ain't nothing.
- No. real shit.
I was gone. you held me down.
took care of my dude's funeral.
That's some real G here.
- Stop it. man.
I ain't do nothing for you.
you wouldn't have did for me
if you was in my position.
Plus Ms. Catherine like my mom's too.
So. that's what brothers do.
- Brought that bread for you too.
You dolly heavy.
No. I get it right.
- Bust that thing open.
- Let me see. check this out.
- Go ahead and take a taste test.
There you go. don't lose it too.
- That's it. that's it right there.
- I have about 10 more
of those for you too.
- Same thing?
- Absolutely.
- I'm coming right back.
- Okay.
- Be ready for me.
- Yeah. I got you.
- So. same shit. same shit too.
- Yeah. I'll see you in a minute.
- That's a fact.
- All right.
(hip hop music)
♪ What you call me. nigga ♪
♪ Yeah. look ♪
♪ Paper. diamond and benzes ♪
♪ That's why we got into business ♪
♪ Trips back and forth ♪
♪ by the towel that got me addicted ♪
♪ Got a plug in me 200 grand ♪
♪ Out of the fresher ♪
♪ Last we heard he out of commission ♪
♪ Was crazy why most dope
boys got him oppressed ♪
♪ My daughter. like her mom ♪
♪ just as not as dependent. ♪
♪ They call it fast dough ♪
♪ 'Cause it's like you gotta be quick ♪
♪ I just need a stock in a block ♪
♪ I can be content with ♪
♪ You know the business ♪
♪ Fuck up once. lose interest ♪
♪ Me and my rookie ♪
♪ Yeah. the put me in top 10 pics ♪
♪ They say the game is a
bitch. you gotta pimp it ♪
♪ When the face is washed.
you put it on lipstick ♪
♪ And I can put it on my
soul. three dough cases ♪
♪ But I ain't never told Oh no ♪
♪ 'Cause we the realest ♪
♪ Soda quarter breaking flow ♪
- What up.
- Good. what up.
- Cool.
- I got right here.
- It's all there too.
- Hey. (indistinct) Let me
halla at you for a minute. man.
- What up?
- You know what's up.
That last thing you gave me was short.
- Bro. I got you.
Something came up last time.
but I got you on the next one.
I promise.
- Yeah.
- It'll be all there.
And this.
- No. this better be all here.
- That's there.
- All right. 'cause we don't
keep going through this. man.
All we do is pick up and drop off.
That's it.
I ain't got time to be
sitting here counting nothing.
I shouldn't have to from you.
- Never again.
- All right.
- Well. let me get the fuck out of here.
I got to go pick Hunter ass up.
He getting a haircut?
- Huh?
- Yeah.
- Hunter home?
- Touchdown today.
- Oh man. what.
What y'all doing?
- We gonna have something.
Me and Nick gonna put something
together auntie house.
If you free. sure stop by.
- Same spot?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. all right. I'll be there.
- All right my dude. be easy.
- All right. love you man.
- All right.
(people speaking in the background)
- Yeah. he goes.
- Oh. shit.
My nigga home.
What's good with you. my nigga.
How you been.
- Yo. welcome home. all right.
- How you doing. V.
- How are you. baby.
- Man. Hunter. when you get home. bro.
- Shit. this morning.
- Man. you looking good.
- Man. (indistinct)
- Oh. man. what's good with y'all boys.
- Man. shit.
You don't have to bring
my dude through man.
hit him straight.
Couldn't have them walking
around here looking like that.
You gotta make a statement
on his first day back.
- Looking fresh out. man.
You know I'ma to take care of you.
- Square poppy. how are you. man.
- Yo Tammy.
Come here right quick.
Tammy listen. this is my man. Hunt. right.
See he crush out.
I need you to take care of him. all right.
- All right. I got you.
Huh. you look like you
about a 40 and a jeans
and then extra large at the top.
- Good. huh.
- I try. I try it.
Don't worry about it.
I'll take care of you. I got you.
I'm get you right.
Get you right. come on. follow me.
♪ If I let you know my secret ♪
♪ Can you keep it to yourself ♪
♪ If I told you about my past. girl ♪
♪ Could you not tell nobody else ♪
♪ We're not just friends.
girl we're fucking ♪
♪ So I don't us pillow talking ♪
♪ Everything you learn about me ♪
♪ We gon keep it in the B-E-D ♪
- You fam. you looking out.
- Yo. check this out.
If y'all boys ain't busy tonight.
slide through auntie building.
We're gonna have a get
together and welcome Hunter
back home. all right.
- Shit. that's mandatory. we know.
- Yeah. but I'm gonna close up
I'm gonna come through.
(speakers talking over each other)
Let's toast it.
- Yo. we know.
- Hey yo. pop you on another note.
You ready?
- I've been waiting on you.
- Okay. all right.
Well. listen. once I dropped him off.
me and you are going to
get together (indistinct).
- I'm ready. man. that's a good money.
- Well. I hope that I
was able to help you find
everything you were looking for.
- It was more than helpful.
I appreciate you getting me back right.
- That's no problem.
It's my pleasure.
That's what I'm here for.
- So can we get a number on you?
- Sure. yeah.
Take my number. put it in your phone.
- I ain't even get. I didn't have a chance
to get a phone yet.
I'll have to write your number down.
- Don't worry about it.
Take my card. shoot me a text.
Give me a call when you get your phone.
- I'll hit you later on tonight?
- All right. you make sure you do.
- Don't be frightened either yo.
- I won't be frightened.
You make sure you call me.
- I'll hit you later on tonight.
- Hey yo. Hunter. you ready?
- Looking forward to it.
- Come on baby.
Got a couple more stops to make.
- So. how long you doing.
- About a nickel.
- Shit. that's enough time
to get his mind right?
- Real shit though.
Hunter. real stand up nigga.
Definitely got to get
him back in position.
- All the way.
He's family right there.
(people speaking in the background)
- Welcome home. man.
Welcome home.
- Oh. look at you. look at you.
You looking good.
Still strong.
You ain't let that place
break you. not one bit.
- You know. we might be able.
but we ain't gonna break Han.
- I know that's right.
- How you doing though?
- I say my blood pressure a
little high. but I'm all right.
- Anything I can do?
- Since you asked. it wouldn't hurt
if you talk to your cousin Nicholas.
Hunter. that boy is out of control.
But maybe with you being
back. it'll do him some good.
- I ain't seen him when I walked in.
- Ain't no way of telling
where that damn boy at.
but you really need to talk to him.
- Don't worry. I will. auntie.
- I know you will.
- I got you. I got you.
- Oh. now you're going in there.
fix you a plate. get you something to eat.
I don't make plenty of food for everybody.
All right. get you a home cooked meal.
Welcome home. baby.
- Yes. maam.
- You're tired. but it was well worth it.
- Can't wait to get some.
I know how you do now.
- You know how I do.
I've been doing that for years.
- Hey. real shit. my nigga.
What you gon do. man.
- What you mean what I'm gon do.
- As far as putting some
paper in your pocket.
You home now.
- I got a couple of things lined up.
but I'm gonna start by getting a job.
- A job?
- Yeah. a fucking job.
nine to five employment.
Why would you go with a
job in a team position now?
- You ain't had to do nothing.
we had laid out for you.
If you worried about parole.
'cause you got the car out of town.
I haven't put you on the books.
Pay stubs. the whole nine man.
Relax man. damn.
- Well. what you expect me to do. V?
Come out here and put
some packs on the block.
risk my life for a
neighborhood that don't care
nothing about me. nah.
- Yo. Hunter. niggas ain't
even moving like that no more.
Now I told you a lot of shit had changed
since you've been gone.
You wouldn't have to put
your hands on the shit.
it's laid out for you.
- No disrespect V. but I
ain't on that type of time
no more for that.
- Are you serious Hunter. man.
- I gotta get it right this time. fam.
- All right.
- You just add lie a nice little flavor.
- That's what I was
wondering (indistinct).
- Oh. shit.
Welcome home. nigga.
Look at you. look at this nigga. man.
Nigga look like he eating anything.
- Hey yo 'cause. they
call me bust down a brick
Nick mouse.
Ain't no meals over here. man.
- I se you. I see you.
- Yo V. what up nigga.
- Man. how are you man.
Trying to get this back on board. man.
- What's the problem.
- Nigga talking about he
ain't have that type of time
no more.
- Yo Hunter. don't come home
with that jail shit. man.
Bro. streets been missing you.
We got plans for you cuz.
- How nigga got plans for me
when ain't nobody consulted.
- You know what. give me a day or two.
I just come home. let me get a day or two
to get my mind right and
we'll talk about this later.
- Yo. you know what man.
You're right. today is celebration. man.
I've been waiting a long time for this.
Me and my mama.
You know what I mean?
I hope all your wishes.
ideas and dreams come true.
Love you nigga. salute.
You home now.
- Home now. baby.
(slow music)
- Man. you almost got shot
fucking around. nigga.
The fuck you doing?
- Baking.
- In the dark?
- Yeah. sometimes that's when
I see things the clearest.
- Yo. ever since you came home.
you've been acting weird. man.
Your energy been different.
Talk to me.
- I'm good with you. fam.
I just keep having this
dream about the first time.
You know.
- What?
First time you what?
- Caught a body.
I put a couple down after that.
but it just something about that first one
that fuck with me.
- What fuck with you about it.
- Looking that nigga eyes.
Once she crossed that line.
ain't no coming back from that.
- Hey. yo. why are you telling me this?
- Because I see you
traveling down that same path
and it's only a matter of
time that you do something
that you're gon regret.
- Like what?
- What's understood we talked about. fam.
- What make you think I ain't even crossed
that line already.
- You tripping.
- Nah. you tripping.
Don't think 'cause you came
home with some conscious shit.
you gon dictate how I'm moving.
Get the fuck out of here with that. Cuz.
- Yo. ain't anybody trying to tell you
how to live your life.
I'm just trying to get
you to see what I see.
what I happened to go
through. what I went through.
- Wake up. a good morning buffalo.
Yes. it's me your host
with the most. DJ Demon.
And today here. looking
at another beautiful day.
Sunny with the higher
72. a slight chance...
- I feel good. man.
I'm free.
- That's a fact. man.
When you get out?
- Yesterday.
Yesterday?
- Yeah.
- Listen. get with me. okay.
Get with me. bro. I got something for you.
- I've had to bust a couple of moves.
- Get with me.
- Absolutely. my guy.
- Welcome home. Han.
- To what do I owe the pleasure?
- Don't do that.
- Don't do what?
I ain't seen you since I left the county.
You show up here like everything is good.
- Listen Hunter. you have
every right to be upset.
Well. let me explain.
- Ain't nothing to explain. Bri.
- Yo nigga. you act like he
wasn't out here doing you.
After you left. I found out everything
about all the other
bitches and all that shit.
- Bree. I have been gone half a decade.
You what do you want us to do.
pick up where we left off.
- No. but I thought we could
at least remain friends.
- Bree. you're dead to me.
- Oh. word. really. it's like that.
Nigga. I'm not the enemy. boo.
I would've thought that a like you
would have respected the game as much
as you like to play that shit.
but I guess not.
It's too bad too.
I was looking forward to
seeing what that prison
dick was saying later.
Halla at me when you get out
your feelings. all right.
I'll be around.
(hp hop music)
♪ Money family ♪
♪ We the dope boys on the block ♪
♪ Send the wrong shit. get shot ♪
♪ Hit them right there on the spot ♪
♪ No one will talk to the cops ♪
♪ Ice on my neck. ice on my wrist ♪
♪ Nigga. just look at my watch ♪
♪ I get a check. I took his bitch ♪
♪ Nigga just look at my drive ♪
- Hey yo.
- What's up.
- I thought I told you niggas.
if you ain't getting to work from us.
you niggas can't be out here.
The fuck is y'all doing.
- Come on. Nick.
We pull up behind just like you.
The fuck is your concern
that we can't be out here
popping. bro.
- Bro. I ain't trying to
hear none of that shit.
If y'all not hitting me
and styles for the work.
find another block.
It ain't up for discussion.
- Man. fuck that. nigga.
Niggas ain't going nowhere. man.
Fuck. nigga.
- What the fuck you did?
The fuck is you talking about. nigga.
(shouting)
- You got it. bro. you got it. bro.
Yo. you got it.
My nigga. you got it. bro.
You got it. bro.
You got it. my nigga.
- You know what I mean.
Real shit.
- Shut the fuck up.
Real quiet right now. huh.
- Morning. auntie.
- Hey. good morning.
How'd you sleep last night?
- I slept pretty good.
- That's good. that's good.
- I want to let you know
that I really appreciate you
allowing me to stay here
until I get on my feet.
- Boy. you ain't even gotta thank me.
That's what family do.
Okay.
So. what'd you doing today?
- I'ma head downtown. go to the library
then head over to the department of labor.
See if I could find me a job.
- That's good. that's good.
You got a ride?
- No. I'm getting on a train.
- Boy. what you going
to get on the train for?
You can just take my car.
- You sure?
- Yeah. I'm sure.
I ain't doing nothing today.
Plus I know you got a lot of stuff.
You gotta catch up or a lot
of business to take care of.
Go on and take the car.
The keys is up front on the table.
- You're special. auntie.
Thank you.
(soft music)
- Hello.
- Did you have a good time.
- Holy shit.
Man. what's good?.
- You know what it is.
- So. you've been working on.
got big as hell.
- You know. push ups. pull ups.
- That's something.
You want a beer or something.
- No. I'm good.
- Juice. water.
- I'll take a water.
- Have a seat. bro.
Yo. my bad too. man.
I meant to come by auntie
house the other day
to kick it with you.
But I got tired after working. man.
Working at night. you
should find it off so late.
- Where you working at?
- The GM plant. old tunnel under.
- How you get up in there?
- My girl. mom.
No. she pulled a couple of strings.
got me in here.
Ain't really nothing to
brag about. but no help out.
- What's up. (indistinct)
watching your back.
- Man. that's a fact. man.
I still do what I do a little bit.
but at least with the job.
no. I ain't got to worry
about extra shit. feel me.
- Definitely feel you.
On another note. dude. what's
up with my cousin. Nick.
- Tell me what's up.
nigga. what's the story.
- Man. Nick's serious right now. bro.
Like. let's be honest
with you. kinda remind me
of you back in the day.
All right nigga. we have two
different types of niggas.
I told you that man.
Shit don't work like that. boy.
Man. come on man. you know me.
Let me get you back though.
I see you made it.
- How yo.
- I got something for you. that's you.
- Good looking. fam.
Good shit.
You looking out for me now. huh?
That's what I'm saying. Cuz.
It's been a day or two. let me know.
- I appreciate you. but
I ain't with it no more.
- Yo. how you not with it and you Hunter.
You taught me all this that I know.
- Fam. I get these crackers
too much time. bro.
I'm not giving them another day.
- Nah. I feel you.
I'm just saying. if we got in the streets.
busting the moves me and V set
up. then what else we doing.
- (indistinct) brand.
start some businesses.
The street shit ain't it.
- Businesses.
All right cuz. I hear you cousin.
but let me know when you figure it out.
Until then. you know where I'ma be at.
- Then you guess I already figured it out.
I read the book.
I know how this shit end.
- Loo at you.
Look at you. let men get mine.
I'll get you.
(speakers talking over each other)
- Hands on the big bags. nigga.
- Come on man (indistinct)
- You see it all at night.
- Y'all got a nickel man.
Y'all for better bro.
Pushes. pushes breakeven.
We shake it.
(indistinct)
- We get no nickel.
- I ain't say nothing.
- We're getting money. man.
- Mess up his ass.
You talking about.
Oh. you're talking yours too. bro.
- Make it easy on yourself. baby.
- I know where this goes.
Stop it. stop it.
- What are you doing.
- Man. man. push broke even bro.
(indistinct)
- I got you a scrap.
- Look at that backpack.
- Morning boys. my name will change.
- When are we collecting my money man.
- Tell this nigga (indistinct).
(speakers talking over each other)
- Oh. shit. what's up my nigga.
- Yo. what the fuck happened to your face.
- Everything I love. my nigga.
I'ma murder this nigga. Nick
when I catch this nigga. bro.
I swear to God.
- Nick?
- Yeah. Nick man.
The fuck. man.
Now hold on.
Nigga. tell me what happened.
- Yo man nigga. this is like a
Nick and this Styles pull up.
Talk about niggas can't hustle around here
unless we get work from the niggas. bro.
- That nigga said what.
- The nigga said we
can't hustle over there
unless we get work from
them bitch ass niggas. bro.
- Oh. hold on. you're
talking about Styles and Nick
over there.
- Hell yeah. man.
- Come on. let's go splash them.
We don't with them niggas anyways.
I smeared them niggas right now.
- Let's clip up them niggas. let's ride.
- Let's go get it.
- Clip up. clip up.
We can go on later.
- That shit tight. I know it.
- Yeah. that shit.
What's you doing later?
- Shit. ain't doing shit. Cuz.
- Big ass wallet.
My guy. halla at you. baby.
- Good looking.
- What's good. V.
- What' good with you.
How are you.
- Man. shit. you got some work?
- Yeah. why?
What do you need?
- Shit. I need like a big.
- Meet at the 7/11 in about a half hour.
- All right. bye.
- All right.
♪ Take me deep and let me in ♪
♪ I'll ease your pain. your medicine ♪
♪ I'll there when you're feeling sick ♪
♪ I'll numb it all. I'll be your face ♪
♪ I'll be your way. I'm all you see ♪
♪ A puff of me is all you need ♪
♪ You know I'm dope. I'll be your coke ♪
♪ A headless. you'll overdose ♪
♪ Just stay with me. I'll lay you down ♪
♪ Just lay with me. no playing around ♪
♪ I'll make you feel the way you should ♪
- Damn.
- I got it.
- Watch yourself.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- I got it. thanks.
- I apologize.
Are you okay?
- Yes.
Thank you.
- You sure you ain't got
some more papers in there?
- I'm sure.
- You all right though.
- I am.
Thank you.
- You have a good day.
- You too.
(hip hop music)
- What up.
- What's good. big dog.
You already know.
- I ain't gotta count it. do I?
- No we good.
- All right.
It's all there.
- Just that same fire from before. right?
- No. that's something different.
but that jumping out the pot.
- All right. I bet. I'ma see what it do.
But on another note. you need
to highlight your man. Nick.
- Why. what up with him?
- Shit. he came through
earlier this morning
wildin' on them little niggas
that worked for the boy. Mon.
- Oh yeah.
- I know that he's your man and all that.
but tell homie to watch himself.
- Man. ain't nobody thinking
about them bitch ass niggas.
- No. V for real. tell
homie to watch himself.
- All right fam. I'll halla at him.
et him know what's up.
Be looking out.
- No doubt.
- All right.
- If I didn't know better. I
think you was following me.
- Excuse me. do I know you?
- You bumped into me earlier today.
- No. you bumped into me.
Get it right. sweetie.
- Hunter.
- April.
- Need to let me do that
for you again sometime.
- Do what. knock my paperwork on my hand?
- No. make you smile.
So. where are you from?
- I'm from Buffalo.
- No. what neighborhood you grew up in?
- Oh. I'm from Dunaway.
- Interesting.
- Hmm. why is that interesting?
Where'd you think I was from?
- Cheektowaga. something like that.
- So you're trying to say a bougie.
- Not at all. not at all.
The girl of Dunaway is not so powerless.
- Oh. okay.
Well. don't let the gray look for you.
I'm very familiar with the hood.
But after my brother Kevin got killed.
I shied away from the streets.
- I'm sorry. I know my bad.
- That's okay. it was a long time ago.
but what's up with you. what's your story?
- What do you wanna know?
- Okay. let me guess. ex drug
dealer. fresh from prison.
Trying to stay out of streets.
but you're not too far removed.
Am I right?
- You sound like the Fed.
- I sound like the Fed?
- Absolutely.
- I told you. I'm very
familiar with the hood.
I know your type.
- My type.
- Yes. guys like you are
hanging around in libraries
or in coffee shops unless
you're looking for change.
And that gray sweatsuit with
the coffee. dead give away.
I'm just saying.
♪ You believed in me I don't
know what you see in me ♪
♪ But my heart you got the key ♪
♪ And that's a fact. babe ♪
♪ Can't you see and all I want ♪
- So when am I gonna see you again?
- Look. Hunter. you seem real cool.
but I'm not tryna complicate
my life right now.
- I ain't tryna complicate
your life. trust me.
- So what is it that you want from me?
- I'ma be real with you.
It's been along the time
since I were able to have
a decent conversation
with a beautiful woman.
What I'm saying. all I
wanna do is see you again.
- Oh. that's meant to be. you'll find me.
- Why we gotta go through all that
and I got you right here.
- How about I give you my card
and you give me a call next
time you're at the library.
- So like that.
- Aboslutely.
Take care. Hunter.
(hip hop music)
- Bitch. what you think it is.
Oh. now that dress is cold.
And wait didn't you get
some like Balenciaga booties
or something when we was in Miami.
I think they was like
black and black and red.
- Yeah.
Those would go perfect with that.
- Yeah. I think I'm going to get it.
Excuse me. you got this
dress in a size eight?
- I'll check.
- Thank you.
So bitch.
What's up with. Hunter.
I know that nigga happy to see you.
- Girl. Hunter.
Hunter is on some new shit.
Bitch. I went to go halla at that nigga.
bearing gifts and all.
Don't you know that nigga
was acting weird as hell.
- What do you mean by weird?
- Weird. like weird. weird. I don't know.
Like I guess he's still on his feelings.
- Why bitch. 'cause you
out here living your life.
And these is crazy.
They get locked up. expect
the to sit in the house
and wait for they ass to come home.
- Exactly.
- Ain't nobody doing that shit.
Nobody get with it and stop tripping.
- I ain't even worried about it.
Hunter will get over it.
It is what it is.
- Thanks mama.
- Yeah. that's cute.
That's cute.
- Yeah. I'ma get it
- Bro. this nigga Nick. he gotta go ASAP.
I know steady pulling a block earlier.
Definitely not sitting right with me.
And (indistinct).
- The fuck is you tryna do. nigga?
- What I'm tryna do?
The fuck you mean what I'm tryna do nigga.
We got that boy next full throttle.
Man. I don't give a fuck
if the coming out of church
with his fucking mama
is a green light on site
for this nigga. boy.
- Hold on. hold on. hold on.
That boy's got a chit.
- Man. fuck that Luxe.
Look what this nigga did to me. fam.
Huh?
- Man. something happen right now.
you're gonna be the main suspect.
- Man. come on. the nigga not
even built like that. man.
The fuck you think I'm
gonna let him get away
with that shit.
Niggas wanna be tough.
I'ma treat these niggas
like they tough.
- Nigga. I'm not telling you
not to hear your business.
All I'm saying is let shit die down
and then we go rock him.
- Rocks.
I know you ain't scared nigga.
I don't give a fuck.
- What?
What'd you say?
Say it again.
- Nigga. fall the back. nigga.
It ain't even like that.
- No. it ain't like that.
When I say chill. I'm scared. right?
I can't hear you.
Now. we gonna do this shit the right way.
None of your emotional shit.
Fuck out of here.
Throw that shit up.
(hip hop music playing)
(people speaking in the background)
Django motherfucking roller
X and Colby retired. nigga.
I'm from Montana nigga.
(speakers talking over each other)
- Hey yo. Nick.
- What's up. bro.
- Let me halla to you riht quick.
- Hey yo. what happened
uptown this morning. man.
I let them know ain't
nothing moving over there
unless it's to us.
- And then what happened?
Shit got physical.
Why. what's popping?
- Whoever you had to chastise
fuck with the boy. Mon.
So stay on point. my nigga.
- Mon. dumb niggas.
Man. that's light work.
- My nigga. save less.
Stay on point.
If you meet me. holla.
(speakers talking over each other)
- They'll come at you doing the other shit
that you learned in LA.
- My last meal man. fucking bastards.
- Taking the same band.
(phone rings)
- Hello.
- Hello. is that April?
- This is April. who's this?
- It's your boyfriend.
- I don't have a boyfriend. who is this?
- It's Hunter. what's good.
- Oh. hi Hunter. what's up.
- I'm just chilling.
What you got going on?
- Nothing much. going over
some paperwork for tomorrow.
What's up with you?
(indistinct)
- That's not too bad.
I have a client I have to
show a few properties to.
Why. what's going on with you.
- I got a long stay with a
beautiful real estate agent
that I've been crushing on.
- Do you really.
- Almost spoken between
one and two o'clock.
- And where's that at?
(indistinct)
I heard they had good food.
- I should be expecting you. right?
- I guess you have to wait and see.
Good night. Hunter.
- Hey. hey. you okay.
You look nice.
- Thank you.
- Smelling good.
- How are you?
- I'm good.
I was starting to think
you ain't gon make it.
- I wasn't.
- What made you change your mind?
- I was a little curious.
- You had a feeling.
you're feeling that nigga.
- Don't flatter yourself.
I'm not feeling the nigga.
Curious about the food. I told you that.
- Stop it.
- Okay.
- So what's up.
- What's going on with you?
♪ You should be my fly fan ♪
♪ You know you are fly fan ♪
♪ Her body right. her dress is tight ♪
♪ She's just my type ♪
♪ That's the kind of girl I like ♪
♪ Hasty gig. nicely done ♪
♪ Like a single bill ♪
♪ I think she the one ♪
♪ Her shoe game is crazy.
she always amaze me ♪
♪ When I see you I'm like ooh ♪
♪ She always stay fresh ♪
♪ She dress to impress ♪
♪ Everywhere she goes. you
can tell by her clothes ♪
♪ She ain't moving. she's a fly fan ♪
♪ When she up in the club ♪
♪ She get nothing but love ♪
♪ She ain't moving. she's a fly fan ♪
♪ I'm not the man in here
that wish they had her ♪
♪ I'd be hearing anther nigga
say they're tryna bag her ♪
♪ Sure she pass. she best ♪
♪ You know that she's a fly fan ♪
♪ Fly fan ♪
♪ Baby you be killing them ♪
♪ You should be my fly fan ♪
♪ Your clothes I'd be feeling them ♪
♪ You know you are fly fan ♪
(acoustic music)
- Hey. where the fuck you been. Hunter?
The fuck's going on with you.
You don't come around no more.
Nothing.
- I've been away for a while.
- Yeah sure. you've been away. your ass.
When did you get out?
- Two months ago.
- Oh. good.
Is Tony back?
- Yeah. he's in the back.
- You're looking good.
- So are you.
(door knock)
(instrumental music)
- Hey.
- Can I help you?
- Tony around?
- Who are you?
- Hunter.
- What's that?
- You're a hunter.
- Yo. I talked to Tony earlier today.
he told me to stop.
- Wow. wow. wow. your name is
Hunter or you are a hunter.
- My name is Hunter.
- Your name is Hunter.
- Yeah.
- You know the fucking guy?
- Yeah. that's an old friend of mine.
(indistinct)
- This guy here.
What do you hunt?
Gees. goose. deers.
What kind of hunting you do?
- Humans.
All right Hunter. come on in.
- You gotta excuse my friend.
He's got trust issues.
- Excuse me. we gotta
make excuses for me now.
- It's all good. I understand.
- I was kind of surprised
to get a call from you.
Last time I heard you were
trying to fight straight.
- I was considering some of the options.
like they say. old habits die hard.
- So what are you trying to say.
you want back in?
- No. but I do need a favor.
- Favor?
- Dude Tony. you owe me.
- What are we talking?
Whoa. whoa. forget about it.
We're gonna handle it.
I'm just glad I'm in a position to help.
- Thanks.
- Sorry about the misunderstanding.
- Listen. I get it.
You gotta protect guys like this.
- Good luck with everything.
- It's always a pleasure. my friend.
- I'll keep you posted. okay.
- Bitch. what's good with you.
- What do you mean?
- The last time you took me on a spa day
is when you closed on your first house.
So what's up?
- I don't know what you're
talking about. girl.
- I don't know what I'm talking about.
- I can't just wanna bring
my bitch on a spa date.
- Listen. we've been friends
since we been in the fifth
grade. the fifth grade.
The only time that you're
ever does charitable
is A. you're getting some good dick
or B you close on a property.
So which one is it?
- Do you gotta be so loud?
You is so fucking embarrassing.
- You getting some dick.
- Shut up.
- Who is it?
Do I know him?
- No.
- So what's his name?
- His name is Hunter.
- Hunter.
Well. it looks like
hunter caught his prey.
Girl. that like a breath of fresh air.
- Fuck all that. bitch.
Do we got a brother?
I mean. because the way he got
you over there and looking.
Lord knows the last
time that I'd asked him
and somebody needs to
come and knock the cobwebs
off this kitty cat.
- You ass is little stupid.
- No. I'm serious.
- Have a seat.
So listen kid.
I've been looking over your resume.
It looks like you ain't
got too much experience
with collections.
- Well. sir.
- Call me Chris.
- Okay. Chris.
Well. I don't have any
experience at all in collections
but I am a fast learner and I am willing
to do whatever it takes
to get the job done.
- Okay.
- There was some good qualities to have.
I also was looking at.
it looks like you had a
little gap in your history.
It looks like you're doing a
little bit of time in prison.
You wanna elaborate on that a little bit?
- I did do some time in prison.
Five years for conspiracy
charges a couple of years back.
but I promise you that life is behind me.
And I'm focused.
- Okay. all right.
Here at Beachwood Consultants.
we strive for excellence.
As long as you're on the
phone. you're compliant.
As long as you put some
money on the board.
you should be all right.
- Does that mean I got the job?
- Welcome to the team.
The hours of operation is nine to five
Monday through Friday.
You get one lunch. 30 minutes
and you get two 15 minute
smoke breaks if you smoke.
- Okay. how much I get paid an hour.
- What I'm gonna do for you
because your lack of experience.
I'm gonna put you in
training for two weeks.
That'd be commission-based.
After that. I'll start
you on at $12 an hour.
- Okay.
- I even let Michelle train you.
- Who's Michelle?
- The one that you was
eyeing when you was walking
in my office.
I saw that.
- I appreciate you. man.
Thank you for everything.
- No problem. I know how it is.
I know you just now coming home.
you try to choose another avenue.
But always remember the only time success
comes before hard work
is in the dictionary.
- Thanks.
- Girl. so then I went
and got the candles.
did everything with the whole house up.
I tell you. that nigga
walked through with--
- Wait. wait. wait. what you had?
- Listen. hold on. hold on.
- Hello?
Hey baby.
I'm at the unspoiled
therapy lox on main street.
Okay.
You coming right now.
All right.
He said he's on his way.
Yes.
- Oh. this serious.
- You think.
- Hunter is for real.
- You about to see
I don't know what he want though.
- Girl. maybe he gonna come.
Maybe he gonna pay for
both of our pedicure.
- You're so stupid.
(upbeat music)
- Yo.
- What's good. V.
- What's good. fam.
How you low?
- Yo. I thought you want
to six of them joints?
- Yeah. that's what it is.
- You a couple racks short.
- You sure?
- Yeah. I'm sure.
(indistinct)
- Hey yo. fam. let me get you right back.
Man. I know what it is. I got you.
Don't even worry about it. fam.
- I'ma wait to hear from
you then. all right.
- All right.
- Thank you Connie. we
had such a good time.
You could put me down for
the same time next week.
- Same time.
- All right girl.
Oh.
- Hey.
- Hey. babe.
What's up.
Hunter. Mickey.
Mickey. Hunter.
- How are you doing. Mickey.
- Hi. Hunter.
I am the best friend.
- Okay. okay.
- My crazy best friend.
- So what got you so excited?
- Babe. I got the job.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
- When do you start?
- First thing in the morning.
- In the morning?
We gotta celebrate.
Mick. I know we supposed
to have our girls day.
- I know.
- We can make it up.
- Yes. you go celebrate
and congratulations again.
- Don't be mad at us. okay.
- I'm not mad.
Have fun.
- I will.
- Call me. okay.
- All right.
See y'all later ladies.
- This bitch better be lucky.
She my best friend.
- Yo. man. where have you been?
- I've been cooling. man.
Just coming through. man.
Trying to get a pack. man.
Just came from the eighth.
I don't normally come up
and it was cold as fuck
up here man.
You see?
- I don't know.
Bubbles Copeland anything. my nigga.
- What you was looking for?
- Shit. I'm trying to
plugged in right now.
You know what I'm saying?
But shit. I'll take your number. man.
You never know when I need you.
- You got the numbers. man.
- That a fact. I'm waiting
on the call right now.
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
This sound right here.
V. what's up man?
What's good with you?
- My dude. how ae you fam.
- Sitting here cooling
with my man Jarvis. man.
- Jarvius?
- Yeah. my man Jarvis.
- Put that nigga on the
phone right now. man.
- What. hold on man.
- Hey. yo cuz. what up.
- The fuck you mean what's up?
You know what's up.
- Yeah. bro. I told you. man.
I got the money sitting here
in my face with county right now.
- Nigga. you should have never been sure
from the fucking beginning.
The fuck's wrong with you.
- What'd you do. hung
up on the nigga. man.
- Man. fuck that nigga. he tripping.
- Goddamn man.
Yo. that's a good plug.
Man. you can't be fucking
up the plugs. man.
- Man. he all right. he good?
- Hey. you still haven't
even walked a nigga.
- Nah. we all right.
I got the nigga money right here.
- Come on. man.
That shit tripping man.
Oh man here. man.
It just lead to flooding.
- We can set up a payment arrangement.
- I get it. but if not.
they're gonna charge you
another fee. especially
if this is official font.
- Okay. we can do that for you.
- Arbitrary--
- I don't have any other choice
but to garnish your wages
beginning the next pay period.
- I can speak to the man on your behalf.
come up with some type
of reset resolution.
- Yes. we can set up some
type of payment arrangement.
Okay. I'm gonna place you on a brief hold.
I'm gonna transfer you over
to the process of department.
Okay?
Thank you. have a great day.
- Ryan. I need you to finish setting up
this payment arrangement for
me while I get him settled in.
- No problem. send him over.
I'm just a mediator
between you and the client.
- Now you see here.
Okay. this is where you'll
be for the time being.
You're gonna need script. a long sheet
so you can keep track
of all of your contact.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Yes.
- Okay. I'll be back.
- Thank you.
- So. what y'all wanna do.
- Yo bro. we'll hop on a
splash these niggas right now.
So you hurt.
- Let's pull off bro. circle
the blocks real quick.
Let me see something.
- What'd you do last night. man.
- Boy. I had a big ass ass last night.
- You still gon suck with my bitches. man.
- Yo man. this nigga love
fucking with the hoes man.
Fuck man.
- Y'all niggas that light.
Y'all say that shit on till
I popped to Magritte cafe
getting a goddamn poselitto.
- The fuck man.
You gotta slow down. man.
- Acting like.
- Yeah man.
- Man. what's up.
- 50th better.
Don't come around here
like you came last time
with that bullshit.
(indistinct)
- I got it. man.
- I got something for you though.
(suspenseful music)
(gunshots)
- What the fuck.
- Yo.
- Bro. what the fuck.
- No. bro.
- Here's what I'm gonna do. Larry.
If you could come up with $200 a day.
we can make the arrangement
for you to pay $150 biweekly.
Does that sounded like something
that you're willing to do.
- Yeah. I think I can do that.
- I'm gonna transfer you
over processing department.
They're gonna make the
arrangement with you. okay.
All right. man.
Good luck to you.
He yo. Ryan. I got one in
line about to transfer over.
- Okay.
- All right.
- So you said you never
did collections before?
- No. I never did collection before.
- I was listening to
you talking to my desk
and I'm impressed.
- Thank you.
- You're a natural.
Keep it up.
Great job.
- Stay focused Hunter.
- Monday we'll send you the documents.
But (indistinct) for foreclosure.
there's nothing I can do.
All you can do is send the
documents to my attorney
and then we'll email you back.
All right. have a good day.
Hi baby.
- What's good. babe.
You've been out here long?
- No. not too long.
So. how was your first day?
- Man. that shit was
long. but it was cool.
it was all right.
What's good. pimp.
(indistinct)
Shit. I'm on a car (indistinct)
What's the matter.
- It's not good. Hunter.
Nick got shot.
- Yo. don't tell me no
shit like that. bro.
- Nah. it's ugly bro.
It's ugly.
- Yo get the fuck outta here.
Is he dead?
- It's real ugly.
- Fuck.
- What. baby.
What?
- Motherfuckers have murdered
my little cousin. man.
- What?
I'm sorry.
(somber music)
- I hope all your wishes.
ideas and dreams come true.
I love you nigga. salute.
- Why are you telling me this?
- 'Cause I see you
traveling in the same path.
- I thought I told you niggas.
if you getting no work from us.
Let me know when you figure it out.
Until then. you know where I'ma be.
- A lot of time you could do
something that you will regret.
- Like what.
- Man. it is what the fuck it is nigga.
(somber music)
- Yo fam. it's time to
lead a murder game down.
Streets gotta bleed for
what they did to Nick.
I'm not playing with none
of these niggas. man.
- Yo. what the fuck happened?
- They found him slumped in
a yard like a goddamn dog.
- Who is they?
- Styles and little niggas from the hood.
- And nobody's saying what happened?
- Nah. but he got into a
situation the other day.
- What type of situation?
- He got into with that
little nigga. Myron.
- Myron. the fuck is Myron?
- Man. fuck with the boy.
Mon up on Kensington.
- Talking about the little Mon
with Camren niggas.
- Yo. making a little bit
of noise. making some bread.
I don't give a fuck about none of that.
And they're gon get it too.
- I just told this nigga to fall back. man
with all that wild shit. man.
The fuck. man.
- Yo bro. that's besides the point.
Fuck you trying to do.
You already know what it is.
- Hey. hey.
Hey Hunter.
You know I had to come see you
and give you my condolences.
I'm so sorry to hear about Nick.
- (indistinct) did it dirty. bro.
I can't fucking think straight.
The more I tried to do right.
the more of the bullshit pull at me.
trying to reel me back in. man.
- The sad reality is though.
just 'cause you found yourself
doesn't mean our loved ones did the same.
- Nick was out there. fam and
I know what come with that.
That's my family bro
and I ain't letting that shit go.
- Hunter. it's done.
We can't lose you again.
Don't let them boys knock
you off your square. man.
Come on man.
The town know how you give it up.
And you gon' just go back to that?
- I ain't doing it for them.
don't do it for me.
- Hunter. you got family out here.
They finally see a change in you
and a little bit of tribulation come
and you revert back to your ways.
Come on.
- So what am I supposed to do. bro.
- Look around us.
You see the environment we in.
The prophets forewarn this.
they hope that it would stop.
But me and you can't keep hoping it stop.
We gotta stop it.
- I feel you.
- Hunter. I'ma leave you with this.
A righteous man is one
who submits his will
to do the will of God.
And the question you gotta
ask yourself. is it God's will
for you to Vince Nick's death?
Only you can answer that for yourself.
- I'll see y'all boys.
(somber music)
- Hey. go see who that is.
- Who is it?
- (indistinct) man.
- (indistinct)
- Shit. let him in.
- All right.
(gunshots)
- On me. this ain't no damn mug.
- Hey. yo shut the fuck up (indistinct).
Hurry up nigga.
- Yo. hey yo. remember we
broken that motherfucking house
on Stockbridge and that nigga came home.
That nigga back that big gun out.
man. I thought he was done.
You heard me?
Yeah. he must ain't had that shit cop.
that joint was on safety or something.
All I remember your was
swinging on that nigga.
bang. bang. bang.
Don't be a fight like a motherfucker
trying to get about that bitch.
- Shit. but we came up out that bitch.
- Abaolutely. absolutely.
Yo. what about the time little
title stole that police car?
- Man. the hood was on fire for weeks
behind that dumb shit. damn.
- I missed that little nigga Ty. man.
They hood ain't been the same
since that nigga been gone. you feel me.
- Shit ain't been the same without you.
That's why I need you out here with me.
We the last of a dying breed. huh.
I don't know who's who no more.
Without you. it's like
a piece of me missing.
- I got you. my nigga.
- My nigga. my nigga.
- Give me a minute. bro.
I'm about to holla at my peoples. man.
I'll get back with you in the morning.
- What's good. Bri.
- Not too much. working as always.
What's up with you. everything all right?
- Everything good.
- Okay.
I made some lamb and vegetables.
You want me to make you plate?
- Nah. actually just...
Hey. I just wanted to come check on you
before I turned in.
- You're not staying the night?
- Nah. I got some things
I need to take care of
in the morning.
- How are you gonna get
to work in the morning?
- That's the thing babe.
I'm about to fall back
for a minute from the job.
I got some other things
that need my attention.
- Wait. does this have something to do
with what happened to your cousin. Nick?
Hunter I'm confused.
One minute you all
excited about having a job
and the next minute you're on
a totally different mission.
Baby. you can't go back to your old ways.
- What you want me to do?
This is who I am.
I can't change that.
- That's why I didn't wanna do this shit.
- Do what?
- That's why. be with somebody like you.
- Somebody like me.
- Yes. somebody like you.
You come with this whole song and dance
about how you wanna get your life together
and turn a new leaf.
And it's really awesome bullshit
just to get what the fuck you want.
And I was stupid enough to believe you.
- What are you saying?
- I need to spell it out for you.
- You know what. I can (indistinct).
- Don't do that Hunter. don't do that.
- Don't do what?
- Don't make this like it's about me.
Like I'm the fucking problem.
- Yo listen. I'ma call you. all right.
- Yeah. whatever.
- Don't do that.
- Can you lock the door?
♪ Boy I'm conflicted. boy I'm conflicted ♪
♪ I feel it in the air. like being dead ♪
♪ If you owe you gotta see the kid ♪
♪ I'm sending my wars extra ♪
♪ I can't leave the crib ♪
♪ It wouldn't catch us
where you lead you with ♪
♪ I slide back from the
streets. they keep calling ♪
♪ I'm God's angel but I keep falling ♪
♪ I try to go legit but you
know that shit's boring ♪
♪ I gotta apologize. keep scoring ♪
♪ Baby mama tripping ♪
♪ Them niggas leave me dead
if they catch me slipping ♪
♪ That's why I'm riding with the beast ♪
♪ 'cause I ain't talking
about church chicken ♪
♪ The one that keep popping ♪
♪ I got defected. now
I'm back to business ♪
♪ All I want is riches ♪
♪ I'm trying to get the sentence ♪
♪ The hood is wicked.
here the league twisted ♪
♪ That's why I'm so damn conflicted ♪
♪ Boy I'm conflicted. boy I'm conflicted ♪
(gunshots)
♪ Boy I'm conflicted ♪
- Yo. it's Hunter.
- Yo.
No. I'm up.
Why. what's up.
Oh. that joint ready?
Give me about 45 minutes. I'll be there.
- Where are you about to go?
- I gotta go take care of something.
- Yo. when you go on tell him
because if you don't. I will.
- Yo. come on Bri.
Hey yo. let's just continue
to be what we need to be
for one another without
complicating this shit.
'Cause at the end of the day.
you know a Hunter like my goddamn brother
and I ain't trying to
compromise that for shit.
- Nigga compromise.
You compromise that
when you got in my bed.
So you can miss me with all that shit.
- Yo. shut the up and
fix your goddamn face.
- Nigga. whatever.
Take your phone.
And lock my door.
- What's up with you man.
You look a little drain. man.
You had a long night?
- Yeah. I was up kinda
late. fuck with little broad
drinking an shit.
- Man. you let them take
your youth from you. man.
Vampire that suck you dry.
- Man. tell me about it.
This little was a straight blood sucker.
- (indistinct) your mouth.
- You know a little hat
home cuter from the forest.
That'd be signed to every now again.
- Okay.
- Shorty a monster.
I'm talking straight goblin.
- Hey my man. Hunter.
sorry to keep you waiting.
I was just rubbing another customer.
- It's all good.
Hey yo. this is my man V.
V my man. Jay. I was telling you about.
- Nice to meet you.
- My pleasure.
- Now. Hunter told me you
can get me in at G wagon AMG
at a decent price.
- Sure. I can.
I'm sure I can.
I'll make it worth your while.
- All right. let me get some math
and we'll see what you're talking about.
- No problem. I give it to you
before you leave. all right.
- All right. thank you.
- Bye bye.
All I need from you is
a couple of signatures
and you're on your way.
- Let's do it.
- Let's go them off.
- All right guys. I just wanna
take the moment right now
to congratulate my girl. Jackie
on her 10 year anniversary.
(speakers speaking over each other)
- I'm so proud of you.
Keep up the good work.
I'm happy to be a part of it.
- Man. we gon do this.
All about that.
- Yes. congratulations.
(indistinct)
- 10 down. 10 down.
- 10 down. 10 more to go.
- That's right. we're in the building.
- Hey boo. I wasn't ignoring you.
Yeah. I'm just in a basement.
We just celebrated our
10 year anniversary.
So it's business as usual.
You just along and I'ma met you up there.
Yep. okay see you soon.
- I don't know how you do.
Bitch is like a bloodhound
when it come to sniffing
them niggas out with a bag.
- Please believe it.
You already know them about my coins.
I'm not running a non-profit over here.
A bitch gotta eat.
- I know that's right.
- And the D is crazy.
I'm talking about a heavy
lumber. you feel me?
- But what's that mouth do?
- Craziest thing.
- Girl. you is crazy.
- No bitch I'm for real.
That shit got me on my best behavior.
- Okay April. you want me to pin this up
or you want to wear it down.
April.
- Oh my bad. girl.
- I was asking you if
you want me to pin it up
or you gonna wear it down.
- I'll leave it down.
- You sure.
- Yeah.
- You did that. didn't you. bitch.
- You know how I do.
- What do I owe you?
- 120.
- A lawyer. that shit getting on my nerves
closing on these properties straight up.
- You know you're not fine. April.
And if something is wrong I know.
You've been distracted since you got here.
you sure you good.
- I'm really good. like
for real. trust me.
- Okay. I'm not gon press it.
- You gonna put me down
for a second the next week.
- No. I got you.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- Good looking out Jay.
I'll definitely be sending
some more people your way here.
- Definitely appreciate it.
- All right.
Let me know anything else. all right.
- No doubt.
- All right. take care.
- Hey Hunter. meet me at little spot.
(hip hop music)
(background chatter)
- Hey yo man. the fuck
that shit about. man.
- This motherfucker being here wildin'
and I'm tired of that bullshit.
- Hey yo fam. you gotta learn to relax.
You been around and get
high blood pressure. nigga.
- Yeah. you right.
- Go around.
- They're here in the back.
- Let them know I'm here.
- I got you.
- Hey. what's up.
How are you doing.
- I'm good. I'm good. I'm good.
- Looking good.
- Thank you. you're so sweet.
Hey. what's up stranger.
Long time no see.
- Oh. don't do me like that.
I've been on my grind. baby.
- I see 'cause clearly you ain't had time
to call the bitch back huh.
- Oh. don't do that.
- I'm just saying. I really thought
we were better than that.
- I'ma do better. all right.
What you drinking
- A lemon drop martini.
- What's good V.
- What's good. what's
popping with you. baby.
- Man. ain't nothing. my man.
What's good with you.
- What's good with you.
- Man. ain't shit. just chilling.
- Fuck with me.
- You know I got you.
Yo go holler at V in the back. man.
I'll be here to take
care of you. all right.
All right. Sharon. hey.
- Yeah.
- Get them whatever they
drinking. all right.
- All right.
- I'll see you in a minute.
- I'll be right back there.
- Yo. you need to clean this shit up. Mon.
- (indistinct) what you think. man.
I don't know what you're talking about.
- Yo V. it's 13 bricks in there.
- Man. 13. you're two short.
Load is supposed to be 15. man.
- Look. it's the bottom
of the barrel. man.
You know what I'm saying?
I fought you the other
two on the next go around.
- I know how you give it up. all right.
- No doubt.
- I know coming from you.
I don't expect nothing less.
- No doubt. my man.
- Hey yo. what's up with
your man. Hunter out there.
He ready quarterback the team again?
- Yo. my man Gucci. you
know you're on in square.
- all right man. we don't
want this man out here
half cock just coming home and shit
throwing him to the wolves out here early.
You feel me?
- Hey yo Lo. look at my face. he back.
And clean this motherfucking place up.
- Man. get your ass out of here.
- What's you looking like that for.
You still on your feelings.
- Bree. don't come here
and fuck with my energy
- Nigga. ain't nobody trying
to fuck with your energy
or your day.
Me and my girl just came
in here to have a drink.
- I want no smoke.
- I know you don't. but
damn. you act like we cannot
co-exist in the same place together.
- No. you're absolutely right.
We good.
We (indistinct) fun. I
still got love for you.
- Thank you Hunter.
Listen. you do not know
how much this means to me.
And for whatever it's worth.
I am really sorry for
not being there for you.
- Bree. we. ain't gotta do that.
but I already told you we
good. you know what I mean.
- Thank you.
- Oh. look at y'all. real cute.
- Cut that shit out. don't do that.
- You know something real shit. Hunter.
this shows maturity. man.
I'm proud of you.
Hey yo fam. you ready. man.
- What's up with you. brother.
A drink?
- I'm good man. we got
business to take care of.
- I told you (indistinct).
No change.
- I'll call you later. right.
- All right.
(indistinct)
- Hey yo Mon. is that
your man. Kim out there.
- That's crazy.
Toast.
- Stop lying nigga.
- Yo. what the fuck is you talking about.
I don't even fuck with that girl.
You fucking paranoid.
- You know what the
fuck I'm talking about.
You all on social media liking
that bitch pictures and shit.
I ain't stupid nigga.
- Don't get caught in that virtual world.
That's just a illusion. man.
- Yeah. that's what the
you want me to think.
Do I look like I got stupid
written on my head. nigga.
If I catch you liking that pictures.
is gonna be a motherfucking
problem for you and that bitch.
- Yo. yo.
Yo bro. what the fuck.
- We're conducting business around here.
- Oh my bad fam.
- Nah. fam control your hoe.
- Take that love to next shit
down the street somewhere.
- Hoe. nigga who the
fuck you calling a hoe.
Your momma is the hoe.
- You see what I'm saying?
Real though. let me halla
at you for a minute. man.
- Hey. I'm gonna fucking
talk to you later. all right.
- Nah. don't even call me later.
- Man. shut the fuck up
and take your ass home.
- You shut the up.
You ain't say that shit when
that nigga summoned your ass.
- Yo. what's up.
- What's up.
Nigga. it's time to clip up.
Get up them niggas wouldn't
touch the home team.
that's what's up.
- All right. listen man.
I'm on that shit.
- How are you on it and these
niggas riding around here
like sweet and you cup caking this shit.
- Listen. I don't know what
the fuck you talking about.
But I got this little right down.
Sizing them niggas up.
Promise you man. easy word.
- All right fam..
Listen. I'm gonna need
the scoreboard and change.
So I'ma need you to flame
this fucking city up
lights the fourth. you feel me.
- Like the fourth.
- And first. baby.
- Yeah.
- Leave no stone unturned.
- Bitch. where you bout to go.
When we leave here. probably
home or you know. you know.
- Where you gotta go?
- Yeah. shit.
- Take me on Oxford after
this so I can grab this money
from this nigga right quick.
- All right.
But wait. did you see Hunter trying to act
like he ain't feeling me no more.
Like. are you nuts?
Like I already know what's like that.
- No girl. did you see the
look on Valentine's face?
Yo. that nigga was a hot bitch.
I'm talking about steaming.
- I'm not thinking about Valentine's ass.
That nigga know what it is.
Yo though. so for real shit.
you might wanna fall back from the anyway.
- Why you say that?
- 'Cause that nigga was in his village yo.
I don't wanna see your ass get caught up.
- You know what. you might be right.
It's all good 'cause I got something else
I need to be focused on anyway.
- Hmm Hmm.
- You know what I'm talking about?
- Hear you. poop.
- I already know.
- What's up (indistinct).
- Hey baby.
- What you doing up?
What's the matter. why are you crying?
- Just thinking about my brother.
I'm all right though.
- You miss him. don't you?
- You have no idea how much I miss him.
He was my heart.
Kevin's death was so premature.
He was so ambitious and full of life.
I just don't understand
why anybody would hurt him.
- Babe. sometime God
allow things to happen
that we don't understand.
- I'm not questioning God. baby.
I just miss my brother.
You would have loved him.
- If he was anything like
you. I know I would have.
- You have so many of the same
characteristics. it's crazy.
There's so much how am I seeing you.
That's why it scares me to see you
go back to your old ways. baby.
- Babe. you already know
what I'm doing is temporary.
- But Hunter. something
bad is gonna happen.
- Why do you keep saying that?
- Baby. because I can't
explain it. but I can feel it.
This is the exact same way I felt
before Kevin got killed.
Something bad is gonna happen. babe.
- You need to relax and stop worrying.
Everything will be all right.
Trust me. all right.
- If you say so.
- Come here.
(slow music)
Get that back.
- Yo. Hunter. what are you doing. man.
- Don't do that. I'll
need that back from you.
- Come on man.
(suspenseful music)
(gunshots)
(slow music)
- Egypt to this or LA.
- It's Hunter.
- Hunter.
Hunter. what's up.
So it's all set.
All right. we'll handle it.
Excuse me. fellas.
(upbeat music)
- Hey yo. fam. what's good up there. man.
What's going on.
- Things are good. business is good.
but there's a thing we need taken care of.
- Are you saying you need me?
- Yeah. we wanna need you.
It should be and and out.
- Say less yo.
You know I'm on the way.
- I'll see you when you get here.
- One.
- Yo man. take me to Buffalo.
(upbeat music)
- Boy. who car you got.
- That's my car. auntie.
I got it yesterday.
- Oh. that's nice.
- You like that. huh.
- Yeah. it's nice and fancy.
You know I liked that fancy.
- How are you feeling?
Do you need something?
- No baby. I'm all right.
I'm all right. I'm okay.
Some days is better than others.
but hey. as long as I keep waking up.
God will keep blessing me.
- And that's what's important.
- Yeah.
But how are you?
- I'm cool. I ain't got no
complaints. I'm chilling.
- No. Hunter. how you really doing
because I see that look in your eyes.
- You know. some days
better than others. auntie.
I ain't gon lie to you.
Life might be pulling on
me in every direction.
I don't know if I'm coming
and going some days.
- I understand.
Baby. let me tell you this much.
You're a good person with a pure heart.
And I am so proud.
So proud of the man that you have become.
- Thank you.
I'm trying.
- I know baby.
You got a lot of potential.
a lot of potential.
but I don't want you to let
what happened to Nicholas
digress you from what God has for you.
- Auntie. I'm not (indistinct).
- No. I'm not stupid.
I see you falling back into your old ways
and that's not what I want for you.
And that's not what your
mother would have want for you.
So please think about whatever
it is that you are doing
because God knows I can't take it
if something happened to you.
You hear me?
- I got you. auntie.
But you ain't gotta
worry about me. I'm good.
- You make sure of that. boy.
You make sure of that.
I love you.
- I love you too.
- You hear me.
I love you. baby.
- I love you too.
- Hey yo. stop fucking playing with me.
Bitch. (indistinct) fucking around you.
You still love that nigga bitch.
- Get the fuck off of me.
- Is this what you want. huh.
Huh. bitch.
It's my pussy.
It's my motherfucking pussy.
Now go wash your ass
up. you fucking bitch.
(somber music)
- Be okay.
All right baby.
Thank you.
- You be good now.
- You too. love you.
- All right. love you too.
- Yo. y'all laughing man.
It's real shit.
Y'all niggas out here playing
and this money you'll be getting.
That's why y'all still
stuck in the same business
y'all stuck in.
- Shit.
- Yo.
- Yo. where you at?
- In the hood. what's up.
How are we looking out there.
- Sit. business as usual.
- All right. I'ma pull up on you man.
Hunt. man after I changed
my fucking clothes.
- Shit. come through. I'm right here.
- What you got. bro?
- What you got.
- Where you coming from?
- Talking to auntie.
- Yeah.
How's she doing?
- She good. one day at a time fam.
- Damn.
I can only imagine.
- Want something to eat?
- No. I'm good.
Check this out.
Little bro. April.
Shortly I've been dealing
with since I've been home.
- She in local real estate. bro. yeah.
- Yeah while am at
shorty house last night.
going through some photos.
I came across a picture
of the boy Kevin.
- Kevin. man the boy flying.
You talking about the
nigga we rocked asleep
back in the day.
- That's her brother.
- Man. get the fuck
outta here. you serious?
- Bro.
- How are you gonna play this one out?
- I don't know.
- Hey babe.
- Hey baby. where you at work?
- No. I'm at the house.
- You're not going today?
- I wasn't feeling too good.
I think it's something I ate.
- Do you need me to bring you something?
You all right?
- No. I'm good.
I'm just gonna lay down
for a little while.
I'll call you when I get up.
All right.
- Yo. how many more stops we got?
- I just got to go around
the way and grab some money
before we shoot to the forest.
- What's in the forest.
- Nah. I'm just trying to hit the outlet
so I can grab something to wear.
- All right. I'm gonna swing
by shorty house real quick
and take her something to eat.
She ain't filling too good.
Plus I need to snatch something
from over there anyway.
- Yo. this bitch got you gone.
- That's how you feel.
- That bitch got you wide open.
That pussy that good nigga.
- Nah bro. shorty just good peoples. man.
- Hey yo. Hunt. fuck that.
The majority's nigga
downfall has something to do
with a bitch and I ain't
letting you go out like that.
my nigga.
- Go out like what. bro?
- Yo. you gotta be smart.
I mean. we kill this bitch brother.
That shit too close to home. you feel me?
- You know what. I might
do need to fall back.
This could get out of hand.
- Nigga. out of hand. this
shit already out of hand.
Yo. I need you to get
your head out that pussy
and back into this gang.
That bitch bad for business. my nigga.
♪ Me and my lawyer we got a connection ♪
♪ Look up to the heavens.
then God bless me ♪
♪ No district attorney ♪
♪ That shit don't concern me ♪
♪ That money you won't stand by ♪
♪ If I get arrested.
I moved the protocol ♪
♪ Throughout the section
with youngest. got weapons ♪
♪ And nobody wrestler only
us and nobody questions ♪
♪ Famous over night and nobody's
stretched to reminisce ♪
♪ I've been wiling forever ♪
♪ Wild 50 ain't smiling forever. ♪
♪ I've been sick. got
your bitch on my dick ♪
♪ Like probably get better ♪
♪ Before rap I could value the sweater ♪
♪ Not seeing your favorite bitch ♪
♪ I tore my nigga's bed ♪
♪ I'd probably go get it ♪
♪ Go get a scale we got
products to measure ♪
♪ I wanted to friend me ♪
♪ But honestly I know
the product fit batter ♪
♪ The Judge giving niggas years ♪
♪ Following your peers
you ain't had no fears ♪
♪ Mama dropping tears.
dabbling the red wing ♪
♪ We ain't seeing clear.
demons in your ear ♪
♪ Angel on your shoulder ♪
- Hey yo fam. I'd be seeing you all here.
but I know you from somewhere else bro.
Where do I know you from?
- Nino. my brother. Marcus
used to run with you
back in the day.
- Monster.
- That's a fact. that's big bro.
- Yo. that's my guy right here.
- I'ma need you to take
on more responsibility.
- Talking about. talk to me.
- Since Nick died. the numbers dropping.
So now I'm gonna need you
out here on the ground level
pushing everybody with a heavy hand.
You understand me.
- Say nothing. I got you.
- All right. have Nino
regulate everything uptown.
If niggas ain't shopping
with us ain't shit moving.
- Facts.
- All right. keep me posted.
- Shit. I'm on it.
- Yo. you ready?
- Yo. I ain't notice his
Monster little brother.
- Yeah. that's little Monster.
he used to playing for the Fest. nasty.
- Yeah. little nigga got big as hell. man.
He's gonna be baller.
- Shit. you know how that go.
- No doubt.
Yo. I'm around if you need me. bro.
- That's a fact.
- All right.
- Hey yo. Styles. keep the thing running
like a smooth boy on machine. baby.
You boys be easy.
Stay safe.
(hip hop music)
- Man. this fucking nigga.
Are you fucking.
I'm tired of this nigga. man.
This needs his ass kicked.
I'm tired of him thinking he can do
whatever he wants to you.
- It's all right Kim. it's all right.
- No.
- It's all right.
- Bree. it's not all right.
That nigga raped you.
He not getting away with this.
Man. I'm tired of that
nigga and his bullshit.
- What you want me to do. Kim.
- Call the fucking police.
- You know I can't do that.
Valentine got all types of connections.
I don't have nobody to protect me.
If I even threatened to go to the police.
that nigga have me killed.
Like just let it go. damn.
- Let it go. let it go.
I'm not letting shit go.
I don't care how much money he has.
What type of connections he's got.
you can't let them get
away with abusing you.
Yo Bree. if you don't
value yourself. who will?
- Yo. I shouldn't have provoked the nigga
in the first place.
Kim. like I knew he was gonna flip out
and act crazy like I should not.
- No. Bree. I'm not
gonna let you sit up here
and blame yourself.
You're beautiful with so much potential.
Bitch. I need you to recognize that.
So what if you acknowledged
Hunter and gave him a hug.
Man. that nigga ain't got no rights.
- No rights what. what?
- Bitch. what if you told
Hunter what that nigga did?
- Yeah. Hunter is not gonna
do nothing to Valentine.
Them niggas is like
brothers. you know that.
- Exactly.
- The disrespect. the disloyalty
of him sleeping with you
when Hunter was in prison is
enough to make that nigga snap.
And when he find out that
bitch ass nigga raped you.
he gonn' flip the fuck out.
- You think so?
- Yo. I know so.
- You know what. shit.
Valentine was the one that was telling me
that Hunter was cheating and shit
with the bitches in the first place.
- See. perfect.
Use all that against his ass.
- You know what. you're right.
And then maybe Hunter will
understand the position
that that nigga. Valentine
put me in in the first place.
I really didn't think about it like that.
(instrumental music)
- What did I do now.
- You didn't do anything.
- So what we need to talk about?
- Baby. we need to talk about us.
the plans for our relationship.
I can't just sit and wait on you
to get your life together. baby.
- Hey. we already talked about this.
Ain't nothing to mention
them all right now.
So don't do that.
- Well. that's not working for me.
I need stability and
you all over the place.
- What do you want me to do?
- I want you to make a choice.
- Between what?
- Oh. I need to spell it out for you.
- Babe. I've been in the
streets working my ass off
trying to get my life back together
and you already know what
I've been going through.
Everything that happened to Nick.
- I don't wanna hear you say anything
about what happened with Nick.
You wanna keep using that shit
as an excuse to go back out
into these streets with this stupid shit.
Instead of standing up and being a man.
you being a coward.
- Coward.
- Yes. a coward.
- I ain't no motherfucking coward.
- You are a fucking coward.
You care so much about
what everybody else think.
These streets don't give a fuck about you.
- The streets. the people. the hustle
is just who I am. baby.
- So what about me. what about us?
- What do you want me to do?
- I can't do this.
- You can't do what?
- I'm pregnant. Hunter.
I'm pregnant.
Yeah. with your baby.
And I'll be damned if I have
a child without a father.
You're not doing this to me.
- You sure?
- I'm positive.
That's why you need to
get your shit together.
Do you understand what I'm saying to you?
I'm not playing. babe.
- Come here. come here.
- You can't do this to me.
You can't do this to me.
- Hold on. let me call you back.
Hey yo. so what's up.
What's the fucking plan?
- Man. that that bitch
ass nigga. Valentine.
Man. this raped my girl.
Your girl. who?
- Brianna.
- What you mean he raped her.
I thought they was fucking
around or something.
- I mean. yeah they was.
But this nigga. this nigga
get caught in his feelings
'cause he saw her talking
to her ex at the bar.
which happened to be his
right-hand man. Hunter.
- That was his man's girl.
So basically he took the
pussy on some dominating
guerrilla type shit.
- Man. facts.
'Cause you know Bri and
Bri still love this nigga.
- So what's the fucking play?
- Man shit. they boy Lo
having a party this weekend
for his wife at the bar. man.
all them niggas gon be there.
So this. this is the perfect time.
- But you're gonna be there. right?
- You need me to?
- The fuck you mean do I need you to.
Yeah. I need you to get a position early.
shoot me a text when all
them niggas get there
- Not a problem.
- All right. that's the bet.
Shit. I'll halla at you later.
- Excuse me nigga. you know what it is.
- I don't know. I thought
you was gonna let me slide
on this one.
- Come on man.
You couldn't have possibly thought that.
You know the got bills.
- All right. how about this.
I don't even know how much is this.
Make sure you shoot me that fucking text.
- Got you.
(instrumental music)
- Have a seat.
- Nice little spot here.
- Thank you. thank you.
- Look like life be
treating you pretty good.
- No. I'm trying. I'm trying.
You want something to drink?
- I'll do a shot with you.
- Okay.
- So what's up. what you wanna talk about?
- Well. like I never stopped loving you.
Like first of all. let
me just say that. okay.
But after you got locked up and went away.
I felt confused and lonely.
- Bree. we already traveled this road.
We ain't gotta even go there again.
We good.
- I know. but I feel
like I need to tell you
the reason why I did what I did.
- Okay.
- But I need you to promise me
that you're not gon to
flip out and act crazy.
- Say what you got to say. Bree.
- Okay.
Well. when you first got
locked up and went away.
your man Valentine. he would. you know.
he would come by. give me
money. make sure I was okay.
- Okay. that's what he's supposed to do.
- I know. right.
But he started to come over
maybe a little bit more
than he should have.
- What do you mean more
than he should have?
- Well. he would pop up
late night unannounced.
telling me how beautiful I
was. how I deserved better.
And at first I won't entertain it.
but he started to tell
me about all the bitches
that you was fucking with.
And at that point I felt
lonely and betrayed and shit.
I thought he was just trying to help me.
- So if you're tryina
tell me that you and V
was out here around while I was locked up.
- Listen. Hunter. listen.
I know that this sound...
- Yo. you this nigga while
I'm fighting for my freedom.
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
- Listen Hunter. I'm so sorry.
- Sorry. bitch. I should
kick your motherfucking ass.
Everything I did for you.
I sacrificed for you.
- It wasn't about you. what about me?
- What about you?
You left me out here.
- Yo. that nigga raped me. Hunter.
- No. no. don't even sound right.
- He raped me. Hunter.
- That don't even sound right.
V wouldn't do that.
- Yo. he raped me. he came to my house.
He know I still love you.
Yo. he is jealous of you
and he always has been.
- If I find like you
fucking with me. you lying.
- Yo. why would I lie?
Why the fuck would I lie?
- This would get real fucking ugly man.
I can't your motherfucking ass.
- Listen. Hun--
- Fuck off.
- Please. please don't leave. wait.
- Yo. I really appreciate
you handling that for me.
That takes a load off of me.
- I'm glad everything
worked out the way it did.
If you have any more
questions. just give me a call.
- I'll do that.
I'll be in touch.
- All right. man stay in touch.
Enjoy your day.
- I'll do that.
- What up Hunter. you want a drink?
- No. I'm good. fam.
- You sure. you don't look good.
- How long have we known each other. V?
- Man. it been too long. I can't remember.
Why.
- 20 years.
20 years of blood. sweat and tears.
I never lied to you. I
never stole from you.
I never did nothing to
compromise our relationship.
- Facts. you've kept a
solid all the way through.
What's this about?
- Trying to figure out why
would you compromise what we had
over a piece of pussy. bro.
- Man. what that bitch tell you. man?
- You know what she told me.
I'm just trying to figure out why.
- I know you ain't trying to check me out
with a broad that been community pussy
since we was little kids.
you just been too blind to see it.
- Bro. it ain't about her.
it's about me and you.
I'm locked up. I'm thinking
you keeping it up on it.
You're right here fucking
my bitch. pillow talk
and told her about my handle.
What type of shit is that?
- I know fam. ain't no excuse for it.
But we ain't about to fall
out over no bitch. man.
Not doing that.
- And like I said. Bree
ain't about the bitch.
If you go violate me over some pussy.
ain't no telling what you gon sell me out
down the line for.
- Man. come on fam. you know I never. man.
- I don't know what you would do. bro.
And then the bitch talk
about you raped her.
Why you do that to her?
- Raped her?
Man. ain't nobody raped that bitch.
That bitch got what she had coming to her
for playing with me. nigga.
- You played yourself. V.
- Oh yeah.
No. nigga. you playing yourself.
Coming here and try to
check me about that bitch.
You been on some different shit
ever since you been home. nigga.
I don't even know who
the fuck you is no more.
- That's how you feel?
- Man.
- You're right. I am
on some different shit.
You and I put to work my energy bro.
You had a hoe.
- You know it ain't
even like that. Hunter.
Man come on man. we not about to fall out
over no bitch. man.
Hey yo. Hunter.
Yo. Hunter.
♪ Man. these streets they be
calling me in my fucking sleep ♪
♪ Man. these they be bothering me ♪
♪ Man I can't get a break ♪
♪ Man. these don't know ♪
♪ Man. these they be calling
me in my fucking sleep ♪
♪ Man. these they be bothering me ♪
♪ Man I can't get a break ♪
♪ Man. these don't love me ♪
- Man. the bitches is
coming through tonight
for real. son.
For real. they got the molly.
The other base got the motherfucker X.
I'm trying to get the
bitch mom's for real.
- On top of the model bitch.
They're both coming.
but the moms is the one.
- I haven't bought these bitches.
Bitch come by on some old freak
mail. some all crazy shit.
- If you don't. nigga I'm gonna body them.
You just gonna hear about the story nigga.
And I don't wanna hear about
all that other shit either.
- Hey nigga. that's a choice.
- Just make sure these bitches right. man.
(slow music)
- And those two things I don't play about.
That's my motherfucking
money and my family.
And this nigga here is my first cousin.
So you like to drink. nigga.
Shut the fuck up nigga.
This is what you like to drink. nigga.
You disafuckingpoint me. fam.
I told you not to short me.
I ain't gon shoot you in the face.
We'll make sure auntie
can have an open casket.
(gunshots)
Here. clean this shit up now.
Put this nigga out back.
(upbeat music)
- Look at this nigga. man.
This shit unbelievable.
- That's not eve the
spot for that shit. V.
- Don't you worry about that shit.
- Hey yo.
Hey yo. let me talk to you for a minute.
- Get the fuck off me. nigga.
- Let me get another double
and get her water.
- This is nice. baby.
You never bring me here before.
- This party is real cool.
And we ain't got to worry about the drama.
- I know. right.
- Can I have everyone's attention please?
Can you please raise your
glasses and help me give a toast
to my beautiful queen on her birthday?
I would tell you our age.
but she's not a day past 21.
So listen.
Baby. since the first day I saw you.
I knew you was the one for me.
I watched you mature
into a beautiful queen
and you always had my back.
And I know I put you through some shit.
But you never wavered from that.
And I say that baby just ask you.
would you do mean to honor
in becoming Ms. Angela.
(cheering and applause)
(man shouting in then background)
- Good V?
- I'm straight.
- Oh my God baby. that was so cute.
- Don't start that shit.
- Why?
Why are you looking like that?
- Because I know you gon try
try to put the pressure on me.
- And what's wrong with that.
- (indistinct) you put
the black eye in the gang.
- Here you go.
- What's good. Hunter.
- What's good.
- Man. just cool here.
- You raising a bar. aren't you.
You got a nigga looking real
bad around this motherfucker.
- Man. don't do that.
- No real shit though. bro.
I'm proud of you. fam.
You come a long way.
You deserve to be happy.
- I appreciate that.
(slow music)
- This my lady. April.
It's my man. Lo.
Real good dude.
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too. April.
How are you doing?
- I'm good.
Congratulations. that was so beautiful.
- I appreciate that.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm getting old and this
age. you know what I mean.
Time to settle down and shit
out here in these streets.
- I keep trying to tell your boy here
these streets don't love him.
- Do not get her fucking
started. you hear me.
- I'm glad your (indistinct).
- What's god. V.
- Shit. so you and your grown man shit.
- Yeah. no doubt.
- That's some good look on you.
- I was just telling
Hunter the same thing. man.
Time to settled down.
move different out here.
- I feel you.
Yo. Hunter. when you get a
second. let me halla at you. man.
- Finish up a little bit. bro.
I'll be over there.
- Nah. y'all can chill. bro.
I'm gonna get back here
with wife and celebrate
a little bit.
Halla at me if y'all
need anything. all right.
All right. peace.
- Yo. let me halla at you.
- Yo damn bro. you
ain't gonna introduce me
to your lady friend.
You gotta pardon my brother.
he could be a little rude.
My name is Valentine.
- Hi. my name is--
- April. right.
Bro speaks highly of you.
- Hey what's up bro. you wanna talk.
What's up.
- You see how rude he is.
The pleasure was all mine.
- Yo V. stop fucking playing with me bro.
We ain't got shit to talk about.
- Nigga. you still tripping
about that bitch. nigga.
- Bro. it ain't about her.
I ain't gonna do this shit.
you hear me?
- Why. 'cause you're here
with your April Springs.
- Keep her name out your fucking mouth.
- I don't even know why she here.
- I told you. you keep
playing with fire nigga.
you gonna fuck around
and get burned. nigga.
- It's my problem. let
me worry about that.
- Like that. huh?
- Like that.
- All right fam.
Don't say I ain't warn you. nigga.
I'm around.
- What was that about. baby?
- That shit ain't about nothing.
You ready?
- Yeah. let me just run
to the bathroom. okay.
- What's good. ma'.
Who you here with?
- I'm supposed to be meeting
my girlfriend up here.
but she late as usual.
- Girlfriend or girl friend?
- Nigga. don't play with me.
- No disrespect. my bad.
You know how females is nowadays.
You know what I'm saying.
- No. I don't know what you're saying.
I want out of tub. what's your name?
Can I buy you a drink?
You know the civil approach.
- You know what. you're absolutely right.
What's your drink?
- I'll take a rare Moscato.
- Let me get a red Moscato.
Sexy lady.
- Yo. we need to talk.
- Get off of me. I ain't
got nothing to say to you.
- Stop playing with me before
I smack the shit on you.
- Nigga. you ain't gonna do shit to me.
- Yo you good?
- Hey yo nigga. you better turn around
and mind your business if
you know what's good for you.
- All right playboy. you got that one.
- I know I got it.
- No. Valentine. he ain't
got shit to do with this.
Get the fuck off of me.
- (indistinct) with a
nigga. you shit. man.
What'd you tell Hunt. man?
- I ain't tell him nothing.
- Come on. let's go.
- Yo. you put that bullshit
in that nigga head.
got me thinking--
- I ain't got him thinking shit.
- Then why you tell him
I force myself on you?
- Because you did.
- Yo. I ain't do nothing to you
that you didn't want to.
- No. are serious right now.
- What you doing bro.
Where they do that at?
- Hey yo. don't put your
hands on me again. nigga.
- Or what. what you gonn' do?
This is what it come to?
So you're gonna shoot me.
This what it comes to.
- No. what it come to
you switching up on me.
I'm the one that held you down
when you was in that cell.
I'm the one that made sure you was good
when you came home and you
gon chose this bitch over me.
We come about the sandbox. nigga.
Imma beat you to death.
what happened today?
- Death before dishonor nigga.
What happened to that?
The fuck is you talking about.
- Baby let's just go. you don't owe him
no explanation for nothing.
Let's go. you don't owe nobody
- No.
- Let's just go.
Maybe not. but he might
owe you an explanation
about what happened to Flame.
- Excuse me.
- Your brother Kevin.
- What the fuck did you just say to me?
- Yo. listen. baby.
- No. no. no. no. wait a minute.
What the fuck did you just say to me.
You know my brother.
- Yeah.
- You knew my brother. didn't tell me?
Did you know my brother
and didn't fucking tell me?
- Let's talk about this--
- No. we gonn' talk about
this right the fuck now.
You knew my brother?
No. did you know my brother?
You knew my brother. Hunter?
Oh God. no.
- Get up. get up. get up.
Please. don't do this to me.
Don't do this to me.
Please baby. come on baby. I'm sorry.
Please get up. please baby I'm sorry.
Get the fuck out.
- Thank you.
- You have a good day.
♪ You took the heart right out my chest ♪
- Come on baby. get up. get up.
Get up baby. come on.
♪ I know you won't live ♪
♪ Can I deal with this pain drive ♪
♪ Now you're gone. now you're gone ♪
- Yo. give me some fucking help.
Yo. call the fucking police. man.
- Don't do that Hunter. don't do that.
- Don't do what.
- Don't make this like it's about me.
♪ And now you're gone ♪
♪ Now you're gone ♪
♪ Tell me how m I supposed to go home ♪
- Something bad is gonna happen. babe.
- We are monitoring breaking news
and there is a massive
police investigation
happening outside of a nightclub.
Still have a majority of this parking lot
blocked off.
They're still working to clear out
(audio fades in the music)
♪ It's very hard for me not to cry ♪
♪ I just wanna hold you one more time ♪
♪ Hear you say you'll be all right ♪
- How much you got that for?
(indistinct)
- Yo. boy got (indistinct).
- Yeah. I got it. what's up.
Let me get A. baby.
- I got you.
- You boys good.
(upbeat music)
- Hey yo. you boys got some smoke?
- Yeah. I got it. what's up.
- Let me get you A.
- Ain't that a little
(indistinct) my nigga.
(gunshots)
- Oh. shit.
(suspenseful music)
- We good.
We good. right.
Let me see that. let me see (indistinct).
- You bad ass.
- Okay. this is on fire. man.
Listen man. y'all be safe you heard.
(suspenseful music)
(hip hop music)